C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.deps.json
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business.9089D43C.Up2Date
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\business logic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\business logic.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.deps.json
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\business logic.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business.9089D43C.Up2Date
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\business logic.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\business logic.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\business logic\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\business logic.dll
