C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.deps.json
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\data access.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\data access.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.deps.json
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\bin\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\data access.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\data access.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Library-System\data access\obj\Debug\net8.0\data access.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
